#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.2.0
    # via
    #   mediapipe
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
albumentations==1.3.0
    # via src (setup.py)
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==22.1.0
    # via mediapipe
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.9.14
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
contourpy==1.0.5
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
decorator==4.4.2
    # via moviepy
flatbuffers==2.0.7
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.37.3
    # via matplotlib
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.11.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.49.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.7.0
    # via tensorflow
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imageio==2.22.0
    # via
    #   moviepy
    #   scikit-image
imageio-ffmpeg==0.4.7
    # via moviepy
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via markdown
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
libclang==14.0.6
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.6.0
    # via mediapipe
mediapipe==0.8.11
    # via src (setup.py)
moviepy==1.0.3
    # via src (setup.py)
networkx==2.8.6
    # via scikit-image
numpy==1.23.3
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   contourpy
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapipe
    #   moviepy
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pywavelets
    #   qudida
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
oauthlib==3.2.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-contrib-python==4.6.0.66
    # via mediapipe
opencv-python==4.6.0.66
    # via src (setup.py)
opencv-python-headless==4.6.0.66
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   qudida
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorflow
pandas==1.5.0
    # via src (setup.py)
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
proglog==0.1.10
    # via moviepy
protobuf==3.19.5
    # via
    #   mediapipe
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytube==12.1.0
    # via src (setup.py)
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0
    # via albumentations
qudida==0.0.4
    # via albumentations
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   moviepy
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-image==0.19.3
    # via albumentations
scikit-learn==1.1.2
    # via qudida
scipy==1.9.1
    # via
    #   albumentations
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard==2.10.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.10.0
    # via src (setup.py)
tensorflow-estimator==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.27.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.0.1
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2022.8.12
    # via scikit-image
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   moviepy
    #   proglog
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   qudida
    #   tensorflow
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via requests
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.8.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
